README.md, before:

# LeaderBoard

#### Objectives
- Use callbacks and promises.
- Learn how to use proper ES6 syntax.
- Use ES6 modules to write modular JavaScript.
- Use webpack to bundle JavaScript.
- Use linters

### Project requirements for Add and Remove TO do List
- Write plain HTML markup with minimum styling.

### All the above project requirements has been implemented on this project

## Built With

- Major languages: HTML, JavaScript ES6
- Frameworks: N/A
- Technologies used: Linters, Git, npm, webpack


To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

```
git clone https://github.com/kessio-microverse-projects/LeaderBoard.git
```

## Authors

👤 **Author1**
- GitHub: [@kessio](https://github.com/kessio)
- Twitter: [@kessio_sharon](https://twitter.com/kessio_sharon)
- LinkedIn: [sharon-kessio](https://www.linkedin.com/in/sharon-kessio-172220b5)


## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!


## 📝 License

N/A

Commit message:

show data when refresh button is clicked

README.md, after:

# LeaderBoard

#### Objectives
- Use callbacks and promises.
- Learn how to use proper ES6 syntax.
- Use ES6 modules to write modular JavaScript.
- Use webpack to bundle JavaScript.
- Send and receive data from an API.
- Use API documentation.
- Understand and use JSON.
- Use linters

### Project requirements for Add and Remove TO do List
- Write plain HTML markup with minimum styling.
- Create a new game with the name of your choice by using the API.
- Make sure that you saved the ID of your game that will be returned by API.
- Implement the "Refresh" button that will get all scores for a game created by you from the API (receiving data from the API and parsing the JSON).
- Implement the form "Submit" button that will save a score for a game created by you (sending data to the API).
- Use arrow functions instead of the function keyword.
- Use async and await JavaScript features to consume the API.

### All the above project requirements has been implemented on this project

## Built With

- Major languages: HTML, JavaScript ES6
- Frameworks: N/A
- Technologies used: Linters, Git, npm, webpack


To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

```
git clone https://github.com/kessio-microverse-projects/LeaderBoard.git
```

## Authors

👤 **Author1**
- GitHub: [@kessio](https://github.com/kessio)
- Twitter: [@kessio_sharon](https://twitter.com/kessio_sharon)
- LinkedIn: [sharon-kessio](https://www.linkedin.com/in/sharon-kessio-172220b5)


## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!


## 📝 License

N/A
